release: 1.0.0 (#993)
getsentry/sentry-python: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog and versioning

## 1.0.0

- This product follows [semver](https://semver.org/) from now on
- No breaking changes, SDK is stable
- Added power support(ppc64le) with ci and testing to the project for architecture independent
- Fix for header extraction for AWS lambda/API extraction
- Fix that unpins pytest, stop testing eventlet #965

> - Remove Travis VI #962

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove Travis CI #962
```

- Use full git sha as release name #960
- Fix multiple **kwargs type hints

> - Added feature Django rendering monkey patching #957

Reviewer 2: I would specifically say that this is about template rendering. Also "monkey patching" is not the feature. Suggestion:

>Django integration now creates transaction spans for template rendering.

- Fix that corrects hypothesis tests #978
- Fix that corrects AWS lambda integration failure to detect the aws-lambda-ric 1.0 bootstrap #976
- Fix unbound local crash on handling aws lambda exception - Timeout #977

> - Fix that removes release condition on default #980

Reviewer 2: This is not describing anything, I would have to check the PR to see what's going on

EDIT: I would say "the default environment is now production, not based on release"

**BTW this *is* a breaking change.**

Author: yeah, you are right so should I remove the "no breaking changes " part in the then?

Author: and perhaps put a reference to this breaking change, like explicitly state that this a breaking change

> - This product follows [semver](https://semver.org/) from now on
> - No breaking changes, SDK is stable
> - Added power support(ppc64le) with ci and testing to the project for architecture independent
> - Fix for header extraction for AWS lambda/API extraction
> - Fix that unpins pytest, stop testing eventlet #965
> - Remove Travis VI #962
> - Use full git sha as release name #960
> - Fix multiple **kwargs type hints
> - Added feature Django rendering monkey patching #957
> - Fix that corrects hypothesis tests #978
> - Fix that corrects AWS lambda integration failure to detect the aws-lambda-ric 1.0 bootstrap #976
> - Fix unbound local crash on handling aws lambda exception - Timeout #977
> - Fix that removes release condition on default #980
> - Added Make pytest run instruction clear in contribution guide #981
> - Fix headers not parsed correctly in ASGI middleware, Decode headers before creating transaction #984
> - CI Fix `py3.5-celery` and `*-django-dev`
> - Ref: Restore ability to have tracing disabled #991
> - Fix Django async views not behaving asyncronuously
> - Feat: Supported pre-aggregated sessions

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We decided to use [semver](https://semver.org/) versioning from now on for the SDK. The bump to 1.0 doesn't contain any breaking changes.

- Added power support(ppc64le) with ci and testing to the project for architecture-independent
- Fix for header extraction for AWS lambda/API extraction
- Fix that unpins pytest, stop testing eventlet #965
- Remove Travis VI #962
- Use full git sha as release name #960
- Fix multiple **kwargs type hints
- Added feature Django rendering monkey patching #957
- Fix that corrects hypothesis tests #978
- Fix that corrects AWS lambda integration failure to detect the aws-lambda-ric 1.0 bootstrap #976
- Fix unbound local crash on handling aws lambda exception - Timeout #977
- Fix that removes release condition on default #980
- Added Make pytest run instruction clear in contribution guide #981
- Fix headers not parsed correctly in ASGI middleware, Decode headers before creating transaction #984
- CI Fix `py3.5-celery` and `*-django-dev`
- Ref: Restore ability to have tracing disabled #991
- Fix Django async views not behaving asynchronously
- Feat: Supported pre-aggregated sessions
```

Reviewer 4: > Added power support(ppc64le) with ci and testing to the project for architecture-independent

If we're going to make it an adjective (by adding the dash), then we need something for that adjective to modify. Otherwise, I think the fix here is "architecture independence."

# Changelog and versioning

## Versioning Policy
We decided to use [semver](https://semver.org/) versioning from now on for the SDK. with two additions:

- All undocumented APIs are considered internal. They are not part of this contract.
- Certain features (e.g. integrations) may be explicitly called out as "experimental" or "unstable" in the documentation. They come with their own versioning policy described in the documentation.

## 1.0.0

The bump to 1.0 contains a breaking change.

> - Fix for header extraction for AWS lambda/API extractio

Reviewer 3: Is this the breaking change?

Also, is this a typo `extractio`?

Author: Yep it's a typo should be extraction*

And nope this is not the breaking change but you are right its not clear which is the breaking change.
So I changed it and added a prefix to breaking changes

So I am just stating underneath release 1.0.0 
That this bump  to 1.0 will have a breaking change
and I prefixed the breaking change with the "BREAKING CHANGE" prefix

Is it not clear?

Reviewer 3: 👍
